Cultural Clubs 
This is where you get to explore parts of yourself you’ve always wanted to, or found interesting, but never really got a chance to do so. You get to learn a lot here. Your B.Tech degree won't mention what you learn here but do it well, and you'll come out of the institute as a much more rounded human. 
Let's get on with the various societies and clubs that are up and running: 
Sarasva, 
GeneticX Crew
Virtuosi
Thunderbolt AMS
Nirmiti
Rangtarangini

Sarasva, The Literary Society: 
Wanna have first-hand experience organising one of North India’s biggest MUNs? Or meeting TEDx speakers personally? Or anchoring main stage events during Effe while being dressed like a smarty? If so, and you have even an inkling of experience or interest in writing, prose, poetry, quizzing or debating - this is the place to be 

GeneticX Crew, The Dance Society: 
If dance is what gets you going, this is your hangout. Learn, move, jive, and then teach - the Dance Society is always up and running for this purpose.

Virtuosi, the Music Society:
If music runs in your soul, then this is the place to prove it. If you already know how to play an instrument or have a melodious tune to your voice, this is your jive. The general favourites here are Rock - Indian and International as well as niche music styles. Even if you have never been on stage before, you can always come up and try, the seniors are super supportive and would definitely give you a chance if they see the potential. 

AMS, The Acoustics and Media Society: 
These are people who remain in high demand, as they cover almost all the big and small events and have the most important task - sound and visuals. They would be the ones sitting in the main auditorium’s console or fixing mikes and lightings for you.

Nirmiti, The Fine Arts Society: 
Every decoration, every bit of artsy decoration that goes around the campus for any event big or small is under their purview. Especially fascinating are the themed designs during the fest. The “visual” aspect of every fest or event is under these people. The work here requires both creativity and hard work on the field level. 

Rangtarangini, The Dramatics Society:
The fact is, dramatics is one of the most hardworking societies in the college. Rangtarangini has some of the most talented actors, directors and screenwriters one can think off. It’s tough, no doubt - but if there’s ever a time when the halls are full, that’s when the dramatics society performs. 

